MORE Tammy Turner-Maddox was a larger-than-life presence at Sunday's 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon.
As Turner-Maddox, a 43-year-old Detroiter, ran her first marathon, finishing in 6 hours, 20 minutes and 38 seconds, her husband, Lance Maddox, held a giant photo of her head on a long stick.
Lance said that whenever he watched a football game he saw giant head signs in the stands and decided to make one of his wife. He surprised her with it Saturday.
"She's been training for a whole year so let me have her stand out in the crowd," he said. "It was a picture I took of her at a golf tournament."
What did Tammy think of it?
"It's cool," she said. "He's creative; that's why I married him."
Like that story? Here are a slew more from one of the city's signature events.
Race results: Every participant, every time Marathoners run on Belle Isle State Park during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Salwan Georges, Special to the Free Press Fullscreen Mike Camilleri, 37, of Howell, MI, stops at a water station during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Salwan Georges, Special to the Free Press Fullscreen Buy Photo Levi Lehner, 30, of Essexville gets some assistance after finishing the full marathon, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Lehner used to weigh 300 pounds and recently had knee surgery, but likes to run marathons to help him lose weight. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Jennifer Wallace, 34, of Farmington Hills pauses from running the half marathon, to dance with the Turkey,who is the mascot of the Turkey Trot , during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone Fullscreen Scott McKeel, 26, left, of Beulah, MI, and Brandon Wernette, 22, of Troy, MI, run through Indian Village neighborhood in Detroit, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Salwan Georges, Special to the Free Press Fullscreen Marathoners cross MacArthur Bridge to Belle Isle State Park during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Salwan Georges, Special to the Free Press Fullscreen Marathoners run on Belle Isle State Park during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Salwan Georges, Special to the Free Press Fullscreen Volunteers hands water to runners during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Salwan Georges, Special to the Free Press Fullscreen Marathoners run on Belle Isle State Park during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Salwan Georges, Special to the Free Press Fullscreen Marathoners run on Belle Isle State Park during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Salwan Georges, Special to the Free Press Fullscreen Marathoners run on Belle Isle State Park during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Salwan Georges, Special to the Free Press Fullscreen Marathoners run on Belle Isle State Park during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Salwan Georges, Special to the Free Press Fullscreen Marathoners run on Belle Isle State Park during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Salwan Georges, Special to the Free Press Fullscreen A runner crosses MacArthur Bridge on his way out of Belle Isle State Park during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Salwan Georges, Special to the Free Press Fullscreen Marathoners run on Belle Isle State Park during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Salwan Georges, Special to the Free Press Fullscreen Tatsuya Kato, 62, of Imperial, CA, stops to take a picture after crossing the MacArthur Bridge to Belle Isle State Park during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Salwan Georges, Special to the Free Press Fullscreen Marathoners cross MacArthur Bridge during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Salwan Georges, Special to the Free Press Fullscreen Marathoners cross MacArthur Bridge during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Salwan Georges, Special to the Free Press Fullscreen Marathon supporters hold signs for runners making their way out of Belle Isle State Park during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Salwan Georges, Special to the Free Press Fullscreen Marathoners run by Detroit's riverfront during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Salwan Georges, Special to the Free Press Fullscreen Marathoners run by Detroit's riverfront during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Salwan Georges, Special to the Free Press Fullscreen Marathoners run by Detroit's riverfront during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Salwan Georges, Special to the Free Press Fullscreen Marathoners run through Indian Village neighborhood in Detroit, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Salwan Georges, Special to the Free Press Fullscreen Marathoners run through Indian Village neighborhood in Detroit, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Salwan Georges, Special to the Free Press Fullscreen Marathoners run through Indian Village neighborhood in Detroit, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Salwan Georges, Special to the Free Press Fullscreen Buy Photo Patrick Hayes (r) and his wife Connie Hayes cross the Finnish line at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Despite the chilly morning temperatures runners pushed themselves during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 along Bagley. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Michael Young, 58, of Orchard Lake is running the half marathon and crossing the ten mile mark along Lafayette during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. He completed the half marathon in less than two hours. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Ellyn Howland, 15,left, and Shelby Schlopert, 15, both of North Branch and with the North Branch Varsity Cheer squad help bring some positive energy to runners along Bagley with their signs that give encouragement as the are participating int the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Walkers and runners make their way down Bagley with the old Train Depot in the background during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Ann Kurtis of Livonia is wight he Parade Company Spirit Station encouraging runners with humor during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 on Bagley. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Eva Chan, 28, right, of Brooklyn, Ny. runs the half marathon portion of the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Matthew Taylor, 39, of Taylor runs the half marathon portion of the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners make their way from 18th turning on Bagley during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Zoe Oetjens, 11, of Oxford cheers for runners and waits for her dad and aunt to pass her along 18th St. after the ten mile marker during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Angie Anderson, 28, of Linden, left, runs towards the finish line with Rachel Bissell, 27, of Canton during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Adil Arabbo, 49, of Troy, left, is greeted by family and friends as he crosses the finish line with Nancy Arabbo, 46, of Troy, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Marathoners run up Griswold Street at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Buy Photo Maria Bournias rolls up Griswold Street at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Michael KOerner of Mt. Clemens runs up Griswold Street at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Cassandra Sprating Odetoyinbo of Detroit finishes the last leg of the half marathon with her daughter Yemisi Odetoyinbo at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Marathoners run up Griswold Street at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Marathoners run up Griswold Street at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Marathoners run down Larnard street at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Race pacer Christopher Ford runs down Larnard street at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Volunteers hands water to runners during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Salwan Georges Fullscreen Buy Photo Race spectators look down Fort street for their races at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Yahoo Okumura of Novie runs up Griswold Street at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Kathy Laskowski of Oak Bluffs, MA waits for her husband Robert Laskowski and her daughter Evelyn Laskowski of Ypsilanti who were both running the marathon at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo The final leg of the relay team of (9501) Team Ameripak Runners runs up Griswold Street at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Michael Wettlaufer, 55, of Royal Oak makes his way down Lafayette towards the ten mile marker during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. He finished the Half Marathon in under two hours. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen A U.S.-Half Marathon runner holds the American flag while passing through Indian Village neighborhood in Detroit, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Salwan Georges Fullscreen Buy Photo Jason Mahakian, 26, of Farmington Hills runs the half marathon crossing the ten mile marker of the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo James Brown II, 36, of Walled Lake, left. runs the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 finishing in less than four hours. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Mike Roth, 27, of Detroit runs the half marathon of the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 along Lafayette near the ten mile marker. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Jennie Johns,39, of Windsor, right ,runs the half marathon, but takes a walking break , as she makes her way along Bagley in the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Lois Berkowitz, 66, of Riverview concentrates along Bagley during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Buy Photo Race spectators look down Fort street for their races at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Stanley Chears II, 28, of Dearborn remains focused as he heads down Bagley during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Marathoners run on Belle Isle State Park during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Salwan Georges Fullscreen Buy Photo Renee Wawrzynski, 50, of Oakland runs across the Bagley Bridge as she runs the half marathon portion gof the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Julius Buzzard, 24, of Ypsilanti runs hard during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. He completed the marathon in less than four hours. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Buy Photo Leonard Kelly, 46, of Orion Township stretches near the eleven mile marker of the half marathon of the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Katie Fieldhouse, 34, of North Street, Mich, waves her hand sin the air as she heads toward the eleven mile marker of the half marathon portion of the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Buy Photo Lawrence Southward of Ellenwood, GA rolls up Griswold Street at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Levi Lehner, 30, of Essexville pushes it across the Bagley Bridge during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Marathoners run up Griswold Street at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss Fullscreen Buy Photo Dawn Marshall , 51, of Yorktown , Va. makes her down Bagley Ave. as she runs the half marathon portion of the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Buy Photo Race spectators look for their races at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Maureen Husted, 40, of Beverly Hills, Mich. runs down Bagley during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Buy Photo Marathoner Natasha Petitt celebrates her finish in front of the giant map at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Jacqueline Ogorman, 53, of Detroit is running the half marathon of the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 along Bagley near the eleven mile marker. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Buy Photo Walkers and runners make their way down Bagley with the old Train Depot in the background during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Michael McFarland, 57, of Logan Utah waves as he participates in the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Buy Photo Cynthia Mitchell, 48, of Chicago, from the left, lifts her hands in the air as she runs the full marathon towards the finish line with Samantah Goga, 27, of Chicago, and Chamdris Berry, 40, of Lynwood, Ill., during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Shahad Atiya, 27, of Bloomfield Hills, left, and Sabrena Hassan, 28, of West Bloomfield, run towards the finish line after running the U.S.-only half marathon, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Capri Scott, 50, of Farmington Hills, crosses the finish line after running the U.S.-only half marathon, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners make their way down 18th Street heading toward the eleven mile marker during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Teracita McLemore, 45, of Jonesboro, Georgia crosses the finish line with Kutee Dortch, 37, of Warren, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo A sign of encouragement is placed along Lafayette near the ten mile marker for runners during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo James Seekamp, 18, of Interlochen runs the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. He completed the marathon in 3:07:21. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Marathoners run up Griswold Street at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Lee Shaw , 40, of Livonia runs the half marathon portion of the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Akiko Prince, 39, of Wolverine Lake runs the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo A Ohio State Buckeyes fan, Ryan Wood, 31, of Denver runs the half marathon portion of the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Ally Saad, 59, of Dearborn Heights participates in the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Half Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 pushing it hard down Lafayette as he is passing the ten mile marker. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Adam Powlus, 19, of Canton, left, runs the half marathon, while Jack Keller, 44, of Brighton, center, and Connor Welsch, 23, of Bloomfield Hills are running the marathon during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Buy Photo Michael Korn, 23, of Rochester Hills runs the half marathon along Lafayette during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Half marathoner Kristen Shamus runs down Fort Street at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners make their way down 18th Street heading toward the eleven mile marker during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Dani Shimits, 27, of Columbus, Oh., does not let the morning chilly temperatures slow her down as she runs the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. She completed the marathon in less than four hours. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Anna Savage, 26, of Ann Arbor pauses to stretch during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Buy Photo Jeremy Allen , 42, of Roseville sits down with a snack after completing the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 outside of the American Coney Island on Michigan Ave. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Samirah Rumps, 40, of New Baltimore, left, and Veronica Paredes-Hernandez of Lincoln Park run the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Buy Photo Behnam Kamrani, 41, center, of Ann Arbor runs as a pacers for the the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Half marathoner Rhonda Seals, runs down Fort Street at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Naseem Rayyan, 26, of Ypsilanti runs down Lafayette during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Sadhna Vaishnav, 44, of Novi, Helami Patel, 43, of Novi and Amna Chaudhary, 34, of Farmington Hills get a photo taken at the start line of the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Sarah Hathaway and Tommy Hathaway of Vienna, West Virginia stretch at Cobo Center in downtown Detroit before running their first half marathon in Detroit before the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Members of the Michigan Youth Challenge Academy Bryan Hernandez 17, of Kalamazoo, left, pushes medals with Jeffrey Tolin, 16, of Richmond before the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Mandi Wright/Detroit Free Press Mandi Wright, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Rama Vaishya, left, and her husband Venu Vaishya take a selfie at the starting line before they run the international half marathon at the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. The couple are running as memorium to a friend who passes away from complications of pneumonia last January. The couple is running for Jaggu. Mandi Wright/Detroit Free Press Mandi Wright, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Lindsi Dunbar, 8, of W. Bloomfield bundles up at the starting line to cheer on her mother who is running the international half marathon at the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Mandi Wright/Detroit Free Press Mandi Wright, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners relax at Cobo Center in downtown Detroit before the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Kimberly Delaney (left) of Livonia and Sara Bowman of Farmington rest at Cobo Center in downtown Detroit before the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Sonya Bentley of Commerce Twp., left, poses at the starting line with her friend Julia Dunbar of W. Bloomfield before the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Mandi Wright/Detroit Free Press Mandi Wright, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show Captions Last Slide Next Slide Broken ankle? No problem!
Cassandra Richards, 22, of Lake City finished the international half marathon in 2:37:16, not bad considering she broke her left ankle a month ago in an equine accident.
She used a four-wheel steerable knee scooter to get through the 13.1-mile course. With her ankle in a walking boot, she rested her left knee on the scooter pad and used her right leg for propulsion.
"A horse fell on me and busted my ankle bone out through my boot," Richards said. "I was signed up before then. I contacted the race and they said I could still do it like this."
Richards said many people cheered her on or told her she was an inspiration.
"Awesome," Richards said when asked how it felt to have people say such things. "Feels really good."
She never considered backing out of the race.
Richards ran in honor of a cousin, Alyssa Paige Musselman, who was killed by a firearm at age 7 nine years ago.
According to the Cadillac News, Amy Sue Musselman was charged with killing her daughter and found not guilty by reason of insanity.
Richards wore a black-and-pink jacket that had information about Alyssa on the back.
Moments after finishing, Eric Rhymes proposed marriage to his longtime girlfriend Zakiya Lumumba. JC Reindl, Detroit Free Press
Better than an engagement ring
Detroit's marathon invariably attracts people whose pledges to cooperate on achieving one big life event — distance running in a big crowd — leads them to a much bigger deal: proposing marriage in a big crowd.
And so it was with William Mazzola, 34, of Royal Oak, who started the international half marathon five minutes ahead of Donna Beydoun, 31, of Dearborn Heights, all so that he'd be ready to pop the question, and with her none the wiser, family members said. He would finish in 1:58:26, she in 2:04:10.
Surrounded at the finish line by family members, and with a bouquet held by the bride-to-be's sister Suzan Beydoun, Mazolla bent down before his shocked and breathless lady, only to have her unable even to say "yes" out loud.
Lucky for him, she at least nodded affirmatively. But it got worse! The ring wouldn't go on Beydoun's finger!
"Swollen," she panted. But her fiancé had a better idea, signifying his intentions by draping a finisher's medal over her head.
William Mazzolla, 32, trained hard to beat his girlfriend, Donna Beydoun, 31, in the 2015 Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Half-Marathon. He needed a little extra time to prepare a surprise for Donna when she crossed the finish line...
Music with a message of love
Before the international half, Jeana Johnson asked her boyfriend to make a playlist for her iTunes pleasure during the race.
But, mile after mile, the songs she heard more and more gave Johnson big hints that Nick Nowaczewski, 29, of Shelby Township could have something big planned at the finish line. Beforehand, her boyfriend mulled the possibilities, privately.
"I said, 'She's going to be downtown with her family and she loves Detroit, so why not?' " he recalled. As in, why not propose marriage to Johnson, 28, of Sterling Heights. "So I lined up the songs and as she got near the finish line, it was Bruno Mars' 'Marry You.' And I had songs we talked about that we'd have someday at our wedding."
By Mile 11, Johnson was feeling more than just a groove. At the finish line, a race volunteer was prepped to "swing her over to me," her fiancé said. Johnson finished in 3:10:35.
"We hugged and everybody had signs, 'Say yes,' " Nowaczewski said, "and that's when I did it."
And that's when she said yes.
Nothin' but a hound dog
In every Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon, a zany few participants dress up and give others something to ogle and chat about.
"I saw Captain America and Ironman," said Brian Boyes, 32, of Fort Collins, Colo., after finishing the marathon dressed as Elvis in a white jumpsuit, giant sunglasses and neon-blue running shoes — in homage to Presley's hit "Blue Suede Shoes."
"I like getting people hyped up," said Boyes, a lawyer who grew up in Northville and finished in 3:35:05. He had "The King" listed as his bib name.
"I got a lot of comments, like, 'Hey, he's in the house.' It's fun," Boyes said.
Class reunion at Fort and Cass
They ran across the finish line holding hands and looking as exuberant as schoolgirls —which is just what they were when they graduated in 1980 and '81 from Detroit's defunct Dominican High School.
And so, Sunday's marathon was a reunion for these half-dozen women, now scattered across metro Detroit and the country.
As well, it was a supreme test of lifestyle change for Gladys Racette, 53, now of Fillmore, Calif. Racette, finishing her first marathon in 5:43:14, wore a big tag on her belt that said "Marathon Virgin."
"I lost 100 pounds two years ago — me and Weight Watchers," Racette said. "And if I can do this, anybody can. I did the half marathon last year, and my sister talked me into doing the full."
Buy Photo Michael Murphy returned to his hometown to run his first marathon -- and finished 23rd overall in 2:47:17. (Photo: George Sipple DFP)
His home sweet home
Michael Murphy lives in Columbus, Ohio, but came back home to run in his first marathon. Murphy, 24, ran track at Birmingham Brother Rice and then at Columbia University from 2009-13.
"It's a good time to be from Detroit right now," Murphy said. "So I wanted Detroit to be my first. It was fun."
He finished 23rd overall in 2:47:17.
"It was a little short of my lofty goal, but I really just wanted to break three hours," Murphy said.
His "lofty goal" was to finish under 2:45.
The qualifying standard for the Boston Marathon for men 18-34 is 3:05. "I won't run it this (spring), but just to have that under my belt is nice," Murphy said.
Murphy said he came home for the weekend just for the marathon.
"You can see it turning the corner," Murphy said of Detroit. "It's just a really fun place to be. If only the Lions could turn it around, we'd be just about perfect."
Buy Photo Mary Lambkin, left, and Lizzie Stewart traveled together from Nashville to run Detroit's marathon -- and unexpectedly finished together. (Photo: George Sipple DFP)
Across the miles, across the line
Mary Lambkin and Lizzie Stewart traveled from Nashville to run in the 38th Detroit Free Press/Tamer Bank Marathon and wound up finishing together.
"It was a tie," Lambkin said. "We're besties."
Lambkin, 28, finished in 3:20:01 in her ninth marathon and first in Detroit. Stewart, 28, finished in 3:21:58 in her first marathon.
Stewart said she chose Detroit as her first marathon because she originally was from Kalamazoo. Lambkin said she came because the course was flat, compared to the hills she trained on in Tennessee, and because she wanted to run into Canada.
They didn't plan to finish together.
"I went out in a faster-paced group and hit the wall," Stewart said.
"And then I carried her," Lambkin said.
Finishing together made it extra special.
"That made it better," Stewart said. "That was great."
How did Stewart feel after completing her first marathon?
"Tired, but proud," she said.
Mark Bauman (Photo: Bill Laitner)
Four run for 38th straight fall
The superstars who win Detroit's marathon are super-special, but so are those who just get out there and finish — year after year after, well, 38 years.
In Sunday's event, four elite finishers kept their unbroken streaks alive going back to 1978, when the first Free Press Marathon began in Windsor's Jackson Park, and ended with radio funnyman Dick Purtan calling out finishers' names on Belle Isle.
This weekend, Mark Bauman, 65, of Flushing spent two days overseeing his Health & Fitness Expo display at Cobo Center — he owns Bauman's Running and Walking Shop in Flint — and then ran the marathon while watching for three others who preserved their streaks: Terry Elsey, 62, of Farmington Hills; Ed Yee, 63, of Plymouth; and Garry Watson, 73, of Rochester Hills.
Their times: Elsey, 4:13:01; Bauman, 5:28:35; Yee, 6:08:23; and Watson, 6:23:46.
The 26.2-mile challenge gets unpredictably tougher as they age, Bauman said. Last year, he felt great at the finish line. This year? "I just didn't feel good at the end," he said.
But he'll be back next year, he vowed.
Buy Photo Free Press staffer Cassandra Spratling, with daughter Yemisi Odetoyinbo, celebrates her half-marathon finish and one more bucket-list objective. (Photo: Bill Laitner DFP)
Another picture perfect day
"Seize the day" was the theme for a series of stories this year by Free Press features writer Cassandra Spratling, as she checked off one bucket-list goal after another in this, her year of being 60 years young.
And "Seize the Days" was listed on Spratling's race bib as she notched success Sunday for her latest objective: to walk and jog the international half marathon. What made it extra special is that Spratling's daughter — Yemisi Odetoyinbo, 23, of Detroit — ran the same race, then jogged back onto the course to walk across the finish line with her mom.
Spratling was among half a dozen Free Press staff who ran or walked a half marathon, and one columnist who ran a relay leg.
DETROIT FREE PRESS
Ann Arbor's Zachary Ornelas, 24, wins Detroit marathon
DETROIT FREE PRESS
Women's race: Russian Denisova wins 3rd Detroit marathon
DETROIT FREE PRESS
Handcyclist Tom Davis wins again at Detroit marathon
It's all cool for over here
England native Christopher Roche, who said he ran Detroit's marathon in 2003, ran his first half marathon since 2012 and finished in 1:42:54.
"Honestly, I'm running to keep fit for my kids, they are 3 and 8," Roche said. "It's about keeping up with them.
Vanessa, 8, and William, 3, came to the race as spectators.
Roche, from Pittsfield Township, wore with a red, white and blue hat.
"My kids are out today and I knew it would be distinctive," Roche said of his headgear. "Without something unique you're not going to see each other."
He said the cool temperatures at the start was great.
"Lovely and cool," he said of the temperatures around the freezing mark. "I never felt the need to take any clothing off. The wind wasn't too strong. So it was perfect. Good day."
Roche, 42, took his time after crossing the finish line.
"I just crossed the line and you just feel really, really tired, but I'm all right now," he said a few minutes later.
Buy Photo Hilary Marusak struggles with a selfie after breezing through the international half marathon in 1:44:11. (Photo: George Sipple DFP)
Running easy, selfies not so much
Hilary Marusak, 26, from Bloomfield Hills had a better result in the international half marathon (1:44:11) than she did with her first attempt at a selfie after finishing. Only half her face was in the frame when she snapped the selfie on her phone.
"It didn't work out so well," said Marusak, who did get a photo taken by someone else after her race.
Buy Photo Mark Walton took steps to remember his trip over the Ambassador Bridge and through the Detroit-Windsor Tunnel. (Photo: George Sipple DFP)
A recording of his feat
Mark Walton, 33, from Belle River, Ontario, wore a GoPro attached to his hat and turned it on when he was going over the Ambassador Bridge and through the Detroit-Windsor Tunnel while running his first international half marathon. He finished in 1:55:00.
Walton said he got the idea to record his run from his father-in-law.
"My father-in-law goes on biking trips and stuff like that," Walton said. "Chance of a lifetime to run across the bridge and tunnel."
Why did he run?
"Just one of those things, want to get off the bucket list," he said. "But I enjoyed it so it might be a yearly thing."
How did he plan to celebrate?
"Go home and sit in the hot tube and watch football," Walton said.
Buy Photo Kelly Newell, 36, of Bloomfield Twp lifts her hands in the air after crossing the finish line with Christine Hamilton, 38, of Rochester, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo John Herbolsheimer, 56, of Bay City, lifts his arms in the air after crossing the finish line, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Donna Beydoun, 31, of Dearborn Heights collapses into her boyfirend, William Mazzolla, 32, of Royal Oak arms after crossing the finish line, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Donna Beydoun, 31, of Dearborn Heights collapses after her boyfriend, William Mazzolla, 32, of Royal Oak gets down on one knee to propose after they crossed the finish line, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. The couple reunited last year at the marathon. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Crystal Ackron, 32, of Belleville, runs over to greet her kids, Jimmy, 7, and Madelynn, 5, Ackron after running in the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Lyubov Denisova, 44, of New York gets a hug after finishing first in the women's marathon, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Bruce Seguin of Harrison Township and Erin Stefanczak of Walled Lake hug after crossing the finish line in downtown Detroit for the full marathon during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Brandon Wernette, 22, of Troy finishes the full marathon in 2:39:24 for the first time, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell Fullscreen Buy Photo Fred Dagostino Jr., 39, of Novi grimmaces as he crosses the finishline at one hour and 52 minutes, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Patricia Mancini (center) of Sarnia, ON and Karen Struthers of Sarnia, ON embrace after crossing the finish line for the half marathon in downtown Detroit during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Lyndon Marsalis of Westland, MI gets emotional after crossing the finish line in downtown Detroit during his first full marathon during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Abigail Coleman, 33, of Cleveland, Ohio becomes emotional after crossing the finish line with Thomas Ryan, 50, of Ann Arbor during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Jennifer Lyon of Lincoln Park, MI, from left, Tracy Sekula of Sterling Heights, MI Krista Beers of Rochester Hills and Daniel Kueppers of Washington, MI run across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Joseph Burns, 57, of Sterling Heights, as he crosses the finish line, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Emily Gessner, 34, of Beverly Hills, exhales after crossing the finish line, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell Fullscreen Buy Photo Stefan Leroy (center) of Vienna, VA crosses the finish line for the half marathon during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Melanie Meretsky, 42, of Huntington Woods, takes a selfie of herself after crossing the finish line, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Corinne Thietten of Rochester, MI and Ray Thietten of Rochester, MI share a hug after crossing the finish line for the half marathon in downtown Detroit during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Jennifer Faraj (left) of Commerce Township, Mi Zahra high-fives Abdelnabi of Dearborn after crossing the finish line for the half marathon in downtown Detroit during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza Fullscreen Buy Photo Pat Irwin Contestant Notification and Recovery Manager for the Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon helps Lyndon Marsalis of Westland, MI after he crossed the finish line in downtown Detroit for his first full marathon during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Rebecca Yurgens of St. Charles, MI is helped up after crossing the finish line for the full marathon during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Anthony Austin of Madison Heights, MI and Chelsea Austin of Madison Heights raise their hands in celebration while crossing the finish line in downtown Detroit for the half marathon during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Kevin Cook, 43, of Clarkston crosses the finish line in one hour and 49 minutes for the half marathon international, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Jessica Hoard, 33, of Ann Arbor embraces Noura Bashshur, 40, of Ann Arbor after crossing the finish line, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Nancy Krause of Bay City, MI runs a half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Dina Karim, 34, of Walled Lake grimmaces as she crosses the finish line, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Nicolas Chauvin of Windsor, ON waits for his father to run past him in the half marathon while sitting on the curb on Riverside Dr. in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners make their way along the Detroit River on Riverside Dr. in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Ozelle Case Tecumseh, ON cheers runners along the Detroit River on Riverside Dr. in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Elyssa Nannina (left) of Tecumseh, ON gives a five to Marina Voakes of Essex, ON as she runs the half marathon along the Detroit River on Riverside Dr. in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Leslie Dufour of Lasalle, ON runs along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Randolph LaForest Windsor, ON waives to the crowd while running in the half marathon along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Dillon Coughlin of Windsor, ON gives thumbs up to spectators while running in the full marathon along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Christopher Mercedes of New York, NY runs along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza Fullscreen Buy Photo Sanjay Rajput runs along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON while participating in the full marathon during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Jennifer Mason of Matteson, IL runs along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON while competing in the half marathon during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Elizabeth Hafke of West Bloomfield runs along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Deonia Montgomery (left) of Grand Rapids and Felicia Tobar-Clark of Grand Rapids run along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Kenneth Dodson (center) of Allen Park runs along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Richard Leverette of Warren, MI runs along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Rasheedah El-Amin of Orion, MI runs along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON in the half marathon during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Valerie Dye of Detroit runs along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Christopher Mattiuz (left) of Windsor, ON and Bethany Mattiuz-King of Windsor, ON runs along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo (left to right) Deborah Crep of Lasalle, ON, Jean Wark Windsor, ON and Elizabeth Hennessy of Windsor, ON cheer for the camera while walking along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Cheryl White of Lincoln Park runs along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Sabriya Gamble of West Bloomfield throws peace signs while running in the half marathon along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Dawn Petrella of Daytona Beach, FL runs along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza Fullscreen Buy Photo Conswaila Sydnor Davis (left) of Chicago, IL and Earnestine Davis of Chicago, IL waive to the camera while running in the full marathon along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Mry Wetzel of Mishawaka, IN and Nick Deeter of Warsaw, IN runs along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON in the half marathon during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Gwyneth Crapo of Marshall, MI points out a spectators sign while walking with Sue Crapo of Marshall, MI while walking along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON for the half marathon during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Hilliard Hampton III of Inkster runs along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON for the half marathon during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Kevin O'Brien of Grosse Point Park, left and Tasha Scott of Madison Heights run across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Tasha Scott of Madison Heights runs a half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Mark Foley of Louisville, KY runs a half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners grab medals, blankets, snacks, and hydration as they finish the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Laura Massie, 50, of Canton runs down Fort street towards the finish line, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Salma Shafiei Moghadam of Clarston, MI runs a half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Erika Ward, 41, of South Lyon closes her eyes after crossing the finish line, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Buy Photo The Detroit skyline is seen as people run along the Detroit River on Riverside Dr. in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Bryan Burk, 25, of Concord finishes the marathon in 2:31:37, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Cheryl Taylor, 39, of Grand Blanc, left, hugs Michele Jurgens, 44, of Tinley, Ill. after they crossed the finish line, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Michelle Hawkes of Windsor, Canada, center runs a half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Robin King of Detroit smiles after crossing the finish line for the half marathon in downtown Detroit during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Amy Milewski of Wayne, MI from left and Melissa Behnke of Belleville, MI, run a half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Susan McIntyre, 47, of Pinckney, center stops on the side where medical care takes a look at her after crossing the finish line with Tiffany McIntyre, 17, of Pinckney, Mich. during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo (left to right) Diane Bondy of Belle River, ON, Gary Galli of Windsor, ON and Melissa Beaton of Windsor, ON cheer for the camera while walking along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON as they participate in the half marathon during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Andrea Czarniecki of Northville, MI walks across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell Fullscreen Buy Photo Heather Quinlan of Streling Heights, MI runs a half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Olivia Bishop, 24, of Haslett tries to catch her breath after crossing the finish line with Dianne Packer, 47, of Haslett, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Alexandra Biniarz, 22, of Windsor, Ontario left, hugs Brittany Baker, 22, of Windsor, Ont. after crossing the finish line together, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Emery Pitcel, 25, of Casco, Mich. is helped to the medical tent after almost collapsing when he crossed the finish line,z during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Emery Pitcel, 25, of Casco, Mich. is helped to the medical tent after almost collapsing when he crossed the finish line,z during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Roberta Kompoltowicz, 59, og Plymouth celebrated her retirement running the half marathon with her husband, Daniel Kompoltowicz, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners make their way along the Detroit River on Riverside Dr. in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Cathy Milec of Harrow, ON cheers on runners along the Detroit River on Riverside Dr. in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners make their way along the Detroit River on Riverside Dr in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Amber Rahill, 23, of Livonia, and Alexander Rahill, 23, of Livonia, cross the finish line together, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Tallette Kitchen of Canton, MI celebrates after crossing the finish line for the half marathon in downtown Detroit during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Nicolas Chauvin of Windsor, ON waits for his father to run past him in the half marathon while sitting on the curb on Riverside Dr. in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Sarah Boyle of Brighton, MI runs along the Detroit River on Riverside Dr. in Windsor, ON while competing in the half marathon during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Handcyclist Nick Koulchar of Brighton, MI moves along the Detroit River on Riverside Dr. in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo A member of the Team Red Cedar Running Club runs the relay race along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Matthew McSween (left) of Grand Rapids and Michael Andersen of Walled Lake run along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Jennifer Mailloux of St. Joachim, Canada runs a half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Mary Dressel of Whitehouse, OH runs a marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Matthew Popielarz runs a half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Megahn Gregory of Oxford, MI runs a half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Samer Bawab of Farmington Hills, MI runs a half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Daniel Stietz of Dover, MN, left crosses the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners and unicyclists cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo A car that got blocked in by barricades is covered in discarded running gear, after the start of the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners take off from the start, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners take off at the start of the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Tom Davis, 38, of Fremont, Indiana stetches before the start of the handcycle marathon, during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Davis went on to win first place. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Chervin Jose Lavilla of Windsor, ON, Marian Lavilla of Windsor, ON and Vicente Belcina of Shelby Township pose for a photo while waiting inside Cobo Center in downtown Detroit before the start of the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show Captions Last Slide Next Slide Football heartache to running glory
U-M student Andrew Malik, 19, of Westland finished his first marathon in 3:11:46, a few minutes short of his goal of 3:05.
But he felt like a winner.
"I beat my one friend," Malik said. "He ran it last year. He ran it 3:13 his first time. I got 3:11, so I'm already winning."
Malik said it probably didn't help that he stood for five hours Saturday as part of the student section at Michigan Stadium. He watched as the Wolverines lost to rival Michigan State in the final seconds.
Malik said he wasn't going to miss that football game.
"My voice went; I'm surprised I have it today," he said.
Was Sunday better than Saturday?
"I mean, I finished," Malik said. "So I was good."
Malik said there are several things he would do differently now that he had completed a marathon. Among those were cutting his long hair.
What else?
"Probably not stand for five hours the day before," he said. "Get more than five hours of sleep. And eat more than two meals (on Saturday)."
Buy Photo Andrea Perkins, 32, left, and Detroit City Councilman Scott Benson, 46, ran half marathons Sunday to slim down for their December wedding. (Photo: Bill Laitner DFP)
Councilman preps for wedding day
Bouncing back from pleading guilty last fall to driving while intoxicated, Detroit City Councilman Scott Benson looked fit and happy as he finished his third half marathon, and first in the company of fiancé Andrea Perkins. He finished in 2:16:46, she in 2:31:33.
"This is our training to make sure that we are properly fit for our wedding day" that's scheduled for Dec. 30, said Benson, 46.
On his racing bib was "The Mr." — a moniker chosen by his intended, Perkins, 32, whose bib gave his nickname for her: "Perk." The two will be married in Los Angeles, he said.
"This way, I know my wedding dress will fit," Perkins said with a chuckle.
The reward for finishing
Finishing his sixth marathon, Scot McColl said he was surprised that it was his toughest.
Buy Photo Scot McColl (Photo: Bill Laitner DFP)
"My hamstrings about gave out, for no particular reason," said McColl, 49, a triathlete from Grosse Pointe Farms who finished in 4:05:43.
To nurse sore muscles back to health and as well provide some fast attitude adjustment, McColl said he would have none of the marathon's postrace fruit and healthful snacks.
"I'm heading right for the Anchor Bar" a few steps from the finish line, he said.
"That's my carrot — French fries and salt," he said with a laugh.
Buy Photo Geoffrey Burns, despite not likely to run in cool weather, finished second in the marathon to his former Michigan teammate, Zachary Ornelas. (Photo: George Sipple DFP)
Bring on a trip to Qatar
Geoffrey Burns finished second in the marathon, about six minutes behind his former U-M teammate Zachary Ornelas.
Burns, from Traverse City, and Ornelas live in Ann Arbor and trained a bit together.
Ornelas finished in 2:20:22 and Burns in 2:26:23.
"He kept rolling and I kind of backed off a little bit," Burns said. "We talked about it going into the race. We gotta get on the podium together. Zach is in incredible shape right now and we're both on the world championship team for the 50K. We talked about using this as a checkpoint."
Burns and Ornelas will compete for Team USA at the 50K world championships in Doha, Qatar, on Dec. 4.
Burns will be a little bit more comfortable running in the heat in Qatar, compared to the chilly conditions Sunday.
Burns, 25, said the most challenging part for him was out on Belle Isle.
"Just because of the cold," he said. "That's the thing that got me the most. My legs felt pretty stiff in that wind. That made it kind of an interesting challenge. At the same time, I was thinking everybody else is in the wind, too. Deal with it.
"I was actually terrified going in that it was going to be worse. I'm kind of a hot-weather runner. So the last two days I'm looking at the weather forecast just like, 'Oh, no. Oh, no. It's going to be cold. It's going to be snowing. Oh, no.'"
Burns said the wind wasn't bad on the Ambassador Bridge.
"We were packed up at the beginning of the race," he said. "I was running a pack with half-marathon guys and Zach. I was kind of tucked in behind some of those guys protecting myself a little bit.
"Once we got back into the U.S. and the half-marathoners spread out and you're kind of in no-man's land. That's when it was just like 'Boom.' ,"
Buy Photo Michigan freshman Nick Amato completed his marathon in 2:51:18. (Photo: George Sipple DFP)
'A new kind of pain'
U-M freshman Nick Amato (Suttons Bay) finished first in the men's 16-19 age division in 2:51:18. He plans to run in the Boston Marathon.
"I'd really like to go and try to break 2:50," Amato said.
Amato said he would compete in triathlon for the club team at U-M and ran Detroit's marathon to get a baseline of where he is coming out of high school.
"After a really good season of high school cross-country and track I knew I'd be in some of the best shape of my life," Amato said.
Amato, 18, said his favorite part of course was the start.
"Running with the big pack and running over the Ambassador Bridge into Canada … was really cool," Amato said. "The fact that we start and it was dark and now it is light out, it lends a sense of realism to how the long the race is."
Amato was a little dazed after crossing the finish line.
"I've run some 20-milers before, I did about six leading up to the marathon," Amato said. "Those didn't prepare me as much as I thought they would. When I came in, I had a new kind of pain that I've never really felt before. My quads to the outsides of my legs were just aching and I felt really weak in the knees."
Buy Photo Marathon medals hang at the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Mandi Wright/Detroit Free Press Mandi Wright, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Brenda Newton, 56, of Austin Texas cries as she checks out her half marathon medal at the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Mandi Wright/Detroit Free Press Mandi Wright, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Jeana Johnson, 28, of Sterling Heights got a huge surprise when her fiance Nick Nowaczewski, 29, of Shelby Township proposed to her after she ran the half marathon at the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Mandi Wright/Detroit Free Press Mandi Wright, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Nick Nowaczewski, 29, left of Shelby Towship was delighted that Jeana Johnson, 28, of Sterling Heights said 'yes' after her proposed to her after she ran the half marathon at the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Mandi Wright/Detroit Free Press Mandi Wright, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Gabrielle Culp of Taylor, MI runs a half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Maria Suchyta of Belleville, MI, left runs the half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Renee Ullmann, 54, of Troy walks with her friend Dianna Caruso, 60, of Warren. The women were being followed by Detroit police officer Bell who encouraged them for a leg of the race during the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Mandi Wright/Detroit Free Press Mandi Wright, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Lindsay Brown of Troy, left and Samantha Stevens of Commerce Township run the half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Michelle Maag of Maumee, Ohio, center and Aaron Myers of Toledo, Ohio, left run the half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Michael Wettlaufer, 55, of Royal Oak makes his way down Lafayette towards the twelve mile marker during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. He finished the Half Marathon in under two hours. Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Buy Photo Amy Fava of Canton, left points to her Spartans tshirt as she runs the half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners make their way along the riverfront in Windsor, Canada after crossing the Ambassador Bridge during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Adam Bezaire of Windsor, Canada, left runs a marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Jessica Burg of Auburn Hills, from left and Anagha Kulkarni run the half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Throngs of racers get their medals from volunteers at the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Mandi Wright/Detroit Free Press Mandi Wright, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Megan Courtley of Rochester, MI, center left runs the half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Half marathoner Patricia Shumate of Grosse Pointe Park runs down Fort Street at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Sally Jirjis of Macomb Township runs a marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Marathoners run down Fort Street at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Aubrey Johnson of Spring Lake, MI, center runs a half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Buy Photo Marathoners run down Fort Street at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Manuel Jr. Rayos of Sta. Clara, CA, left and Violet Rayos of Sterling Heights run a half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Kelsey Jaques of Windsor, Canada runs a half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Leslie Rooze of Crawfordsville, IN, from left and Marci Mulligan of South Lyon, MI run a half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Half marathoner Rhonda Seals, runs down Fort Street at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Shannon Durbis of Clinto Township, MI, center and Andrea Christensen of Rochester Hills, MI, left run a half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Shawna Butler of Roscommon, MI runs a half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Runners make their way along the riverfront in Windsor, Canada after crossing the Ambassador Bridge during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart Fullscreen Buy Photo Heidi Hamilton of Hamden, CT, center runs a half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Earamichia Brown of New York, NY runs a half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Volunteers work the bag drop off area for the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Elise Smith of Huntington Woods, MI runs a half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Jair Goguen of Calgary, Canada, center runs the half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart Fullscreen Buy Photo Zachary Ornelas 24, of Ann Arbor wins the men's marathon at the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Mandi Wright/Detroit Free Press Mandi Wright, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Downtown Detroit is seen as participants run along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza Fullscreen Buy Photo Marathoner Ann Marie Lutfy of Grosse Pointe Woods, runs down Fort Street at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Lyubov Denisova, winner of the women's full marathon at the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon, crosses the finish line Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Mandi Wright/Detroit Free Press Mandi Wright Fullscreen Buy Photo Angela Anber (right) of Windsor, ON hugs Melissa Lafonteaine of Windsor while running the half marathon along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Nadia Barzotto of Windsor, ON holds a sign to get runners in a good mood while running along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza Fullscreen Buy Photo Susan Girimonte (center) of Windsor, ON stops to take a selfie with her daughter Rachel Girimonte (left) and mother Marianne Nostadt of Windsor while running the half marathon along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Half marathoner Joseph Barone from Coldwater runs down Fort Street at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Brian McFawn, left runs the half marathon across the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners make their way along the riverfront in Windsor, Canada after crossing the Ambassador Bridge during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Ozelle Case of Tecumseh, ON cheers on runners while waiting for family and friends along the Detroit River in Windsor, ON during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Tom Davis, 38, of Freemont In. wins the men's wheeleer marathon at the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Mandi Wright/Detroit Free Press Mandi Wright Fullscreen Sarah Boyle, 29, of Brighton wins the women's half marathone at the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Mandi Wright/Detroit Free Press Mandi Wright Fullscreen Buy Photo Marathoners run down Fort Street at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Thomas Mohan of Beverly Hills, waves to the camera as he runs down Fort Street at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Volunteers from Wayne State track and field clean up the cups from the first water station on Fort Street at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Pacer Janice Schuurmans leads a group of runners down Fort Street at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Sarah Boyle, 29, of Brighton finishes first in the women's international half marathon at the38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners run towards Canada on the Ambassador Bridge during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Sarah Boyle, 29, of Brighton finishes first in the women's international half marathon at the38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free PRess Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo John Masson crosses the Ambassador Bridge towards Canada during the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo The first wave of runners cross the start line at the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Mandi Wright/Detroit Free Press Mandi Wright, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Marathoners run down Fort Street before the sun rises at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo at the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Mandi Wright/Detroit Free Press Mandi Wright, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Detroit Lion's mascot Roary high fives runners as they start the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Mandi Wright/Detroit Free Press Mandi Wright, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners jam down Fort street to start the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Mandi Wright/Detroit Free Press Mandi Wright, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Wheelers start out the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Mandi Wright/Detroit Free Press Mandi Wright, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners cross the start lin at the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Mandi Wright/Detroit Free Press Mandi Wright, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo The ballon arch is put into place at the finish line at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Shelley Sams, owner of The Ballon Lady holds one of the ends of the ballon arch that was being raised at the finish line at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Volunteers from the Michigan Youth Challenge Academy volunteer at the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Sara Dee, 43, of Howell wears a rob to keep warm before running the relay with Hope Water Project at the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Kimberly Delaney (left) of Livonia and Sara Bowman of Farmington rest at Cobo Center in downtown Detroit before the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Miriam Bannon, 59, of Canton, Ohio, right, is running for the Catholic Migrant Farmers Network with a group of 30 and checks in her things to Volunteer Diana Cross, 56, of Southgate at the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Brad Everingham of Livonia sits on Fort Street as he waits for the start of the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015. Everingham is a veteran of the half-marathon but this will be his first full marathon. Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Jason Dunneback, 39, of Rochester Hills turns in his items before the start of the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Zachary Wells, 18, of Midland, left, and Ryan Dillon, 18, of Clayton are from the Michigan Youth Challenge Academy and volunteer at the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Running partners and friends Sue Scott, Bonnie Davis, Tracy Bragiel and Diane Bryan take a selfie of themselves before they start their half marathon at the 38th Annual Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon in Detroit on Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 Diane Weiss, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners turn in their things before the start of the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo at the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly P. Mitchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Buy Photo Runners walk to the starting line before the start of the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon Sunday Oct. 18, 2015. Kimberly Mirtchell, Detroit Free Press Buy Photo Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show Captions Last Slide Next Slide Buy Photo Scott Hubbard, veteran writer for Michigan Runner magazine, announces finishers’ names Sunday. (Photo: Bill Laitner Detroit Free Press)
Calling a great day in the D
The emcee for Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon was the familiar voice of Scott Hubbard, in his 33rd year of announcing the event, and a writer for 35 years with Michigan Runner magazine.
Among the tens of thousands of entrants were runners, walkers, wheelers and handcyclists from 49 states and 19 countries, Hubbard said, in a pause from calling out countless finishers' names as they crossed the line in triumph. (Maine was the missing state.)
"It was just another great turnout," he said, "and the whole thing puts a real positive spin on the city."
By the numbers
27,833
The record number of people who registered for the 38th Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon.
32
Seconds between women's marathon winner Lyubov Denisova's finishing time and that of runner-up Valentyna Poltavska.
Overheard
"I was just thinking finish the last 100 hard. Don't let someone return a blocked punt."
Zachary Ornelas, on winning the Detroit Free Press/Talmer Bank Marathon for the second time after being passed near the end in 2014